now when Rehoboam came to jerusalem he
now when Rehoboam came to jerusalem he assembled from the house of Judah and
assembled from the house of Judah and
assembled from the house of Judah and Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were
Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were
Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were warriors to fight against Israel that he
warriors to fight against Israel that he
warriors to fight against Israel that he might restore the kingdom to
but the word of the Lord came to Shania
but the word of the Lord came to Shania the man of God speak to Rehoboam the son
the man of God speak to Rehoboam the son
the man of God speak to Rehoboam the son of Solomon king of Judah and to all
of Solomon king of Judah and to all
of Solomon king of Judah and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin saying thus
Israel in Judah and Benjamin saying thus
Israel in Judah and Benjamin saying thus says the Lord you shall not go up or
says the Lord you shall not go up or
says the Lord you shall not go up or fight against your brethren let every
fight against your brethren let every
fight against your brethren let every man returned to his house for this thing
man returned to his house for this thing
man returned to his house for this thing is from me
is from me
is from me therefore they obey the words of the
therefore they obey the words of the
therefore they obey the words of the Lord and turned back from attacking
Lord and turned back from attacking
Lord and turned back from attacking Jeroboam so real a bone dwelt in
Jeroboam so real a bone dwelt in
Jeroboam so real a bone dwelt in Jerusalem and built cities for defense
Jerusalem and built cities for defense
Jerusalem and built cities for defense in Judah and he built Bethlehem eaten
in Judah and he built Bethlehem eaten
in Judah and he built Bethlehem eaten Toccoa better Soho a dalam Gath Boresha
Toccoa better Soho a dalam Gath Boresha
Toccoa better Soho a dalam Gath Boresha Ziff add a ram lakish ezekiah surah a
Ziff add a ram lakish ezekiah surah a
Ziff add a ram lakish ezekiah surah a Jalan and Hebron which are in Judah and
Jalan and Hebron which are in Judah and
Jalan and Hebron which are in Judah and Benjamin fortified cities and he
Benjamin fortified cities and he
Benjamin fortified cities and he fortified the strongholds and put
fortified the strongholds and put
fortified the strongholds and put captains in them and stores of food oil
captains in them and stores of food oil
captains in them and stores of food oil and wine also in every city he put
and wine also in every city he put
and wine also in every city he put shields and Spears and made them very
shields and Spears and made them very
shields and Spears and made them very strong having Judah and Benjamin on his
strong having Judah and Benjamin on his
strong having Judah and Benjamin on his side and from all their territories the
side and from all their territories the
side and from all their territories the priests and the Levites who were in all
priests and the Levites who were in all
priests and the Levites who were in all Israel took their stand with him for the
Israel took their stand with him for the
Israel took their stand with him for the Levites left their common lands and
Levites left their common lands and
Levites left their common lands and their possessions and came to Judah and
their possessions and came to Judah and
their possessions and came to Judah and Jerusalem for Jeroboam and his sons had
Jerusalem for Jeroboam and his sons had
Jerusalem for Jeroboam and his sons had rejected them from serving as priests to
rejected them from serving as priests to
rejected them from serving as priests to the law then he appointed for himself
the law then he appointed for himself
the law then he appointed for himself priests for the high places for the
priests for the high places for the
priests for the high places for the demons and the calf idols which he had
demons and the calf idols which he had
demons and the calf idols which he had made and after the Levites left those
made and after the Levites left those
made and after the Levites left those from all the tribes of Israel such as
from all the tribes of Israel such as
from all the tribes of Israel such as set their heart to seek the Lord God of
set their heart to seek the Lord God of
set their heart to seek the Lord God of Israel came to Jerusalem to sacrifice to
Israel came to Jerusalem to sacrifice to
Israel came to Jerusalem to sacrifice to the Lord God of their fathers
the Lord God of their fathers
the Lord God of their fathers so they strengthen the kingdom of Judah
so they strengthen the kingdom of Judah
so they strengthen the kingdom of Judah and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon
and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon
and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong for three years because they
strong for three years because they
strong for three years because they walked in the way of David and Solomon
walked in the way of David and Solomon
walked in the way of David and Solomon for three years then Rehoboam took for
for three years then Rehoboam took for
for three years then Rehoboam took for himself his wife Mae hella the daughter
himself his wife Mae hella the daughter
himself his wife Mae hella the daughter of Jeremiah the son of David and of
of Jeremiah the son of David and of
of Jeremiah the son of David and of Abigail the daughter of Alya the son of
Abigail the daughter of Alya the son of
Abigail the daughter of Alya the son of Jesse and she bore him children G ish
Jesse and she bore him children G ish
Jesse and she bore him children G ish Shama raya and zhehan after her he took
Shama raya and zhehan after her he took
Shama raya and zhehan after her he took merica the granddaughter of Absalom and
merica the granddaughter of Absalom and
merica the granddaughter of Absalom and she bore him Abijah a tie
she bore him Abijah a tie
she bore him Abijah a tie Ziza and Shilla myth Maori la boum loved
Ziza and Shilla myth Maori la boum loved
Ziza and Shilla myth Maori la boum loved merica the granddaughter of Absalom more
merica the granddaughter of Absalom more
merica the granddaughter of Absalom more than all his wives and his concubines
than all his wives and his concubines
than all his wives and his concubines for he took 18 wives and 60 concubines
for he took 18 wives and 60 concubines
for he took 18 wives and 60 concubines and begat 28 sons and sixty daughters
and begat 28 sons and sixty daughters
and begat 28 sons and sixty daughters and Rehoboam appointed a by jure the son
and Rehoboam appointed a by jure the son
and Rehoboam appointed a by jure the son of maracas as chief to be leader among
of maracas as chief to be leader among
of maracas as chief to be leader among his brothers for he intended to make him
his brothers for he intended to make him
his brothers for he intended to make him King he dealt wisely and dispersed some
King he dealt wisely and dispersed some
King he dealt wisely and dispersed some of his sons throughout all the
of his sons throughout all the
of his sons throughout all the territories of Judah and Benjamin to
territories of Judah and Benjamin to
territories of Judah and Benjamin to every fortified City and he gave them
every fortified City and he gave them
every fortified City and he gave them provisions in abundance he also sought
provisions in abundance he also sought
provisions in abundance he also sought many wives for them